# Read me 
Interview 1) 
 	We interviewed Lexi Bangson, a DIY girl who loves to revamp second hand products. Zazel Turner interviewed her on September 15, 2025. The key insights we got from this interview is that the security and safety of the seller and buyer is very important. She expressed that her biggest concern when selling or buying is meeting a random person on the internet and hoping that they aren't trying to scam or harm her when they meet up. In her own words “you know people can be scary, i was taught at a young age to never trust a stranger so i tend not to sell or buy things when i cant verify that the person im meeting isn't some psychopath” She is a very safety conscious person so with our website cutting out buyer and seller interactions it shipping eliminates her worry there. Otherwise she doesn't really use anything else if it doesn't provide a shipping option. They also talked about the need for the privacy of their personal information such as credit card information and address. She mentioned that some platforms are currently under fire for privacy violations and it makes her not trust those platforms anymore. So she suggested we implement guidelines that protect user information. She also had great feature suggestions such as being able to schedule pickup times, picking codes for the lockers, and a customer support hotline/bot. Because she enjoys picking up stuff on the streets and making them new again she said that the current apps she's using do not provide the safety she wants so she described the product as a Must have. 
